Promote filter building APIs (#316)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/chatty-eyes-sniff.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": minor
---

> Added `GenericInstanceFilter` format. It has all the data need to convert filter into `ECSQL`, `ECExpression` or other formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `GenericInstanceFilter` data structure that has all the data needed to convert an instance filter to `ECSQL`, `ECExpression` or other formats. The data structure can be created from `PresentationInstanceFilter` using the `GenericInstanceFilter.fromPresentationInstanceFilter` call.
```
